[Music]
displaced Palestinians surviving in
makeshift tents in Han yunes watching
dismay as the Israeli Army drops
leaflets ordering them to flee
again where do I go I don't know where
to go because there is no place all the
places are crowded we are sitting here
waiting for God's
relief this is the third Israeli
military assault on the city in southern
Gaza since last
October when you are forced to leave
your home you do not know what to do or
where to go we had already been
displaced from the north meaning we were
left with little possessions there is
nothing left to carry Palestinians say
nowhere in the besieged strip is
safe this is my fifth or sixth
displacement currently there is an
official order to evacuate the hammad
city area where are we going we don't
know they say that muasi is a safe area
but I don't believe that there isn't
even a humanitarian Zone
in central Gaza an Israeli air strike
hit a house in a residential area in the
aln refug
camp there are internally displaced
people in this neighborhood people lived
in this house some displaced people were
killed others were
injured in Northern Gaza Israeli forces
shelled a house in the shik radwan
neighborhood of Gaza City the injured
were rushed to a nearby hospital
filled with people this Suk was filled
with people look at it
now as they sift through the rubble many
fear it won't be long before their lives
are at risk again Victoria gonb Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer